feat: added fuseq_wes and filtering (#29)
hydra-genetics/fusions: README.md

[![snakemake](https://img.shields.io/badge/snakemake-6.8.0-blue)](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)
[![singularity](https://img.shields.io/badge/singularity-3.7-blue)](https://sylabs.io/docs/)

---
## OBSERVE

> All softwares included in the fusion module only supports singularity and not conda!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FusionCatcher and Fuseq_wes are not available in conda! Use singularity or install the softwares on your system.
```
